Far from Israel lived a Jew
whom the king of Persia
trusted with his life.
He believed his people were carrying
on pure worship in Jerusalem
—until one day . . .
The walls of Jerusalem are broken down,
and its gates have been burned with fire.
Most of the people ignore God’s Law.
Rebuilding the walls was only the beginning.
We have many powerful enemies.
I recommend we turn
the accusation of sedition against Nehemiah.
Nehemiah is far away in Shushan.
Who is going to tell him?
This is my province!
Out here, I decide what to do.
I have a right to live where I choose,
and so do you.
They would need help to face what
was about to come next.
Every man must find
his own joy, and I intend to find mine.
Why should you complain
when everyone else approves?
If we let mere threats
frighten us into stopping, they will have
achieved their goal.
Are you going to wait
until they start killing us?
We’re powerless to stop this.
Do remember me favorably, O my God.